chore: document react 18.3 canary update (#924)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.5-3.6.mdx

pnpm update "@front-commerce/*@3.6.0"
```

:::info REACT 18 CANARY

We have pinned the `react` and `react-dom` version to `18.3.0-canary`, this
resolves an issue with hydration during HMR changes. See
[issue](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/issues/4822#issuecomment-2130006831)
for more details.

To update your project, you can do the following:

```shell
pnpm update react@18.3.0-canary-2023-05-11 react-dom@18.3.0-canary-2023-05-11
```

We also suggest adding resolutions to your package.json to ensure the same
version of React is used in your project:

```json title="package.json"
{
  "resolutions": {
    "react": "18.3.0-canary-2023-05-11",
    "react-dom": "18.3.0-canary-2023-05-11"
  }
}
```

> We suspect that this will only release in version `19` of React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suspect that this fix will only be released in React 19.
```
